OP-1530 Packaging deb with systemd and documentation for Charlie (#230)
CasperLabs/casper-node: resources/charlie/validator_keys/README.md

## Validator Keys  

> Keys should be created by running (assuming you are in this directory for local path "."):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keys should be created by running (assuming you are in `/etc/casper/validator_keys/` for local path "."):
```

> Keys should be created by running (assuming you are in this directory for local path "."):

Reviewer: I expect we won't clear out this folder when upgrading or uninstalling, so should the docs here mention that keys only need creating if they don't exist already?

`sudo casper-client keygen .`

> This will create `public_key_hex`, `public_key.pem`, and `secret_key.pem`. 

Reviewer: Probably worth a line about never distributing the `secret_key.pem` file (except maybe to Clarity)?
